hi I'm Graeme Newell soccer or football
as it's called in Europe is the most
popular sport on earth 48,000 jumping
around like total lunatics German enough
people have you do ignore other people
oh you don't nor just mere hand wire
marketers so hungry to plant their brand
identity right in the middle of this
passion because football's brand story
is one of the most appealing in
advertising
it's the Cinderella story the everyday
man who rises up and achieves greatness
it's the same warm feeling of Forrest
Gump who started from the simplest roots
and lived his dreams
it's the Braveheart story of the common
man who rose up and freida nation
Guinness taps into football's powerful
cinderella story to win the fans love
my name is Tommy Howell
I'm a football scout
you can say that my job is to look for
greatness
I came here expecting to find it
I just didn't expect to find so much
other football doesn't take a lot of
special gear it's a sport where even the
poorest kids can triumph all it takes is
a dedication and a fire in the belly and
this is the dream that most all of us
want to believe about ourselves guinness
shows us that they share our passion
they believe in our dream too
and given half the jobs just about
anything can happen
and most times and Uggs
this story of transcendence is the very
heart of the spirit of football we see
ourselves in that man deep in our hearts
most of us believe or an undiscovered
star and that we work harder and longer
than most people maybe we too can get
the big promotion find love or achieve
greatness
my guess is true what they say
there's a drop of greatness in every man
in this Nike ad everyday people
literally storm the field push the pros
aside and step into the greatness of the
common man this dream that anything is
possible is a universal design
a dream of one day
this kind of brand approachability means
football belongs to the everyday fan
it's all about Newcastle footballs
personally I think we lost backlight
that's couldn't put it any other way
when you were in that stadium there's 52
thousand people in there and your kids
and the ball hits the ball in the net
it's like winning the lottery the best
marketing isn't about branding a product
it's about tapping the passion of an
entire community you'll know you
succeeded when you've given your brand
away and it's entirely owned by your
fans I'm Graeme Newell and that's
emotional marketing there's lots more
free training videos white papers and
great emotional marketing examples on
our website visit us at 6:02
communications dot-com slash free stop
you